Allow setting up timeout and pathPrefix in external authorizer (#1658)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.23.0.md

## New features

> - We introduced support for the timeout and pathPrefix fields in the Istio CustomResource external authorizer configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We've introduced support for the **timeout** and **pathPrefix** fields in the Istio custom resource external authorizer configuration.
```
